"Substitution -  Crystal Palace. Yohan Cabaye for Bakary Sako  - injury."
"Shane Duffy  - Brighton and Hove Albion -  receive yellow card for hand ball."
"Second Half ended - Bournemouth 4, Huddersfield Town 0."
"New attacking attempt. Oliver McBurnie  - Swansea City -  shot with the head from the centre of the box is saved in the top left corner. Assist -  Luciano Narsingh with a cross."
"Offside - West Bromwich Albion. Matt Phillips with a pass, however Salomón Rondón is in offside."
"Substitution -  Huddersfield Town. Martin Cranie for Elias Kachunga."
"Corner -  Southampton. Conceded by Matthew Lowton."
"Goal!  Watford 0, Manchester City 3. Gabriel Jesus (Manchester City) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Sergio Agüero with a through ball."
"Substitution -  Tottenham Hotspur. Fernando Llorente for Jan Vertonghen  - injury."
"New attacking attempt. Eric Maxim Choupo-Moting  - Stoke City -  shot with the head from the left side of the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal. Assist -  Erik Pieters with a cross."
"Attempt blocked. Jason Puncheon (Crystal Palace) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked."
"Goal!  Everton 1, Southampton 1. Tom Davies  - Everton -  shot with right foot from outside the box to the centre of the goal. Assist -  Idrissa Gueye."
"Theo Walcott  - Everton -  won a free kick on the left wing."
"Fouled by Morgan Schneiderlin  - Everton"
"Offside - Manchester United. Chris Smalling with a pass, however Juan Mata is in offside."
"Substitution -  Huddersfield Town. Laurent Depoitre for Tommy Smith."
"Substitution -  West Bromwich Albion. Jay Rodriguez for Matt Phillips."
"Henrikh Mkhitaryan  - Manchester United -  won a free kick on the left wing."
"New attacking attempt. Marouane Fellaini  - Manchester United -  shot with right foot from the centre of the box is saved in the left corner. Assist -  Eric Bailly."
"Substitution -  Chelsea. Pedro for Eden Hazard."
"Attempt blocked. Sergio Agüero (Manchester City) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked."
"Joshua King (Bournemouth) wins a free kick on the right wing."
"Jay Rodriguez (West Bromwich Albion) wins a free kick in the attacking half."
"Hand ball by Jacob Murphy (Newcastle United)."
"Offside, Southampton. Nathan Redmond tries a through ball, but Shane Long is caught offside."
"Fouled by Lewis Cook  - Bournemouth"
"Erik Lamela  - Tottenham Hotspur -  receive yellow card for a foul."
"Missed chance. Fernandinho  - Manchester City -  shot with left foot from outside the box goes high."
"Corner -  Manchester United. Conceded by Johann Berg Gudmundsson."
"Corner,  Stoke City. Conceded by Ben Foster."
"Substitution -  Liverpool. Roberto Firmino for Daniel Sturridge."
"Second Half starts Crystal Palace 0, Manchester City 0."
"Missed chance. Tiemoué Bakayoko  - Chelsea -  shot with right foot from outside the box missed to the left. Assist -  César Azpilicueta."
"Bojan (Stoke City) wins a free kick in the attacking half."
"Fouled by Eric Maxim Choupo-Moting  - Stoke City"
"Willian  - Chelsea -  won a free kick in attack."
"Fouled by Serge Aurier  - Tottenham Hotspur"
"Shot blocked. Davide Zappacosta  - Chelsea -  shot with left foot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assist -  Cesc Fàbregas."
"Fouled by Romelu Lukaku  - Manchester United"
"Offside, Everton. Jordan Pickford tries a through ball, but Sandro Ramírez is caught offside."
"Corner,  Liverpool. Conceded by Scott Dann."
"New attacking attempt. Raheem Sterling  - Manchester City -  shot with left foot from the right side of the six yard box is saved in the right corner. Assist -  David Silva."
"Missed chance. John Stones  - Manchester City -  shot with the head from the left side of the box is close, but missed to the left. Assist -  Kevin De Bruyne after corner."
"New attacking attempt. Salomón Rondón  - West Bromwich Albion -  shot with right foot from outside the box is saved in the top right corner. Assist -  James McClean."
"Fouled by Kevin De Bruyne  - Manchester City"
"Corner -  Leicester City. Conceded by Cheikhou Kouyaté."
"New attacking attempt. Christian Eriksen  - Tottenham Hotspur -  shot with right foot from outside the box is saved by goalkeeper in the centre of the goal."
"Corner -  Manchester City. Conceded by Gareth Barry."
"Fouled by James Tarkowski  - Burnley"
"Missed chance. Álvaro Morata  - Chelsea -  shot with right foot from the right side of the box goes high. Assist -  N'Golo Kanté."
"Substitution -  Tottenham Hotspur. Fernando Llorente for Son Heung-Min."
"Fouled by Nemanja Matic  - Manchester United"
"Foul by Joel Matip (Liverpool)."
"Chicharito  - West Ham United -  won a free kick in defence."
"Fouled by Michael Keane  - Everton"
"Leroy Sané  - Manchester City -  won a free kick on the left wing."
"Shot blocked. Andros Townsend  - Crystal Palace -  shot with left foot from outside the box is blocked. Assist -  Timothy Fosu-Mensah."
"Fouled by Tom Carroll  - Swansea City"
"Glenn Murray  - Brighton and Hove Albion -  won a free kick in defence."
"Joshua King  - Bournemouth -  won a free kick on the right wing."
"Corner,  Southampton. Conceded by Tom Ince."
"Fouled by Kelechi Iheanacho  - Leicester City"
"Fouled by Wes Morgan  - Leicester City"
"Fouled by Andreas Christensen  - Chelsea"
"Alexander Sørloth  - Crystal Palace -  won a free kick in attack."
"Corner -  Stoke City. Conceded by Mousa Dembélé."
"Corner -  Manchester United. Conceded by Ashley Barnes."
"Alexis Sánchez  - Manchester United -  won a free kick on the left wing."
"Fouled by Granit Xhaka  - Arsenal"
"Substitution -  Arsenal. Olivier Giroud for Alexandre Lacazette."
"Offside - Manchester United. Juan Mata with a pass, however Romelu Lukaku is in offside."
"Delay in match Phil Bardsley  - Burnley -   - injury."
"Offside - Stoke City. Mame Biram Diouf with a pass, however Xherdan Shaqiri is in offside."
"New attacking attempt. Johann Berg Gudmundsson  - Burnley -  shot with left foot from the right side of the box is saved in the top right corner. Assist -  Chris Wood with a head."
"Pedro Obiang  - West Ham United -  won a free kick in defence."
"Substitution -  Leicester City. Kelechi Iheanacho for Hamza Choudhury."
"Delay over. They are ready to continue."
"Rajiv van La Parra  - Huddersfield Town -  won a free kick on the left wing."
"Substitution -  Manchester City. Oleksandr Zinchenko for Kyle Walker  - injury."
"Arthur Masuaku  - West Ham United -  won a free kick in defence."
"Delay in match Kieran Trippier  - Tottenham Hotspur -   - injury."
"Emre Can  - Liverpool -  receive yellow card for a foul."
"Delay in match Arthur Masuaku  - West Ham United -   - injury."
"Fouled by Nathan Redmond  - Southampton"
"Corner -  Brighton and Hove Albion. Conceded by Declan Rice."
"Corner -  Tottenham Hotspur. Conceded by Lukasz Fabianski."
"Corner -  Huddersfield Town. Conceded by Ederson."
"Fouled by Tom Carroll  - Swansea City"
"Goal!  Manchester United 0, Burnley 2. Steven Defour  - Burnley -  from a free kick with a shot with right foot to the top left corner."
"Federico Fernández (Swansea City) wins a free kick in the defensive half."
"Riyad Mahrez  - Leicester City -  won a free kick on the right wing."
"Missed chance. Paul Pogba  - Manchester United -  shot with right foot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assist -  Juan Mata."
"Fouled by James McArthur  - Crystal Palace"
"Xherdan Shaqiri  - Stoke City -  won a free kick in defence."
"John Stones (Manchester City) wins a free kick in the attacking half."
"Substitution -  Leicester City. Ben Chilwell for Riyad Mahrez."
"Second Half starts Watford 1, Tottenham Hotspur 1."
"Substitution, Manchester United. Ander Herrera replaces Juan Mata."
"Corner -  Newcastle United. Conceded by Laurent Koscielny."
